Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's check audio and video making sure they're in sync audio and video in sync.
Debbie Barker: Okay, I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonderful. Thank you. Thank you, through
Debbie Barker: A little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it though.
Debbie Barker: I know
Debbie Barker: Dreams. I'm learning.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sure are you, I know a lot about technology, but you never expected you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Know over
Debbie Barker: To a whole lot more than
Gwenevere Abriel: One.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless it at a time. So I didn't get to hear much but I HOW CAN I NOT FIND OUT MORE ABOUT YOUR DAUGHTER, AND SHE OKAY. I mean, I don't have any context of what's going on out.
Debbie Barker: To us. All right. She just was going through withdrawals. I guess in wasn't acting like yourself when making no sense about what she was saying, or anything like that. I didn't know where she had took an overdose or or what was going on. So I ended up calling 911 and they kept her overnight.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is your daughter struggling
Gwenevere Abriel: In in a recovery program or is she not, not in a crappy
Debbie Barker: Program yet but she's going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: A residential treatment care or something like us.
Debbie Barker: I down something like us, because I'm thinking should go to a residential
Debbie Barker: But she's getting better, better than what she was
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is she also dependent on an opiate
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes out. Okay.
Debbie Barker: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, I'll re explain so um I forget which clients of mine know and which ones don't know it can look really weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have an air conditioned in inner ear condition. Yeah, so I'll do this. I always have. I can make fun of myself. Like I flipped my hair, but it's not actually Flipping my hair, you'll see me do that or then
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll see me. She's got a lot to if I'm driving
Gwenevere Abriel: Here my ear. It's like basically being, you know, under like 20 feet of water or maybe on an
Gwenevere Abriel: Arrow, so I
Debbie Barker: Blew it on my ear. The other day
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I've had it since I was
Debbie Barker: Our young
Debbie Barker: A week for my allergies.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've had this since I was about in college, and it's not an allergy.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it is physicians have been unable to determine what it is. So just so you know, since college, and I'm 50
Gwenevere Abriel: So I spend with me so long that I forget. And so I can look really goofy and I do apologize for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that'll be. That's what I'm doing.
Debbie Barker: Different problems for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, our body is amazing, as it is sometimes things get a little
Debbie Barker: The first
Gwenevere Abriel: Idea. Okay.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I would have been the hospital at least once or twice a year with pneumonia and then they started testing me for my allergies and come to find out I'm allergic everything around
Gwenevere Abriel: Know like
Debbie Barker: Like my allergy. Doctor, I'm OK.
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, people are so funny, why they don't do those basic tests, you could have found that out years ago.
Debbie Barker: Yo, my sister takes for a week and I just think three
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's helped your quality of life.
Debbie Barker: Oh, yeah.
Debbie Barker: It's a cold or anything anymore.
Debbie Barker: Mom was sick all the time.
Debbie Barker: With upper respiratory, you know, or something like that all the time. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't check
Gwenevere Abriel: Doctors
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm I'm opening up a note right now. Let's see. Give me if you could the no rush. Take your time. See if we can find a place that is maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe there's a crate or a box or even something that can be built up so that you and I are looking at each other and I am set down. So, your hands are free and you're able to sit comfortably.
Debbie Barker: Oh,
That's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's very nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm just finishing starting a note, just getting a time date and time in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright. So sounds like the last 48 hours have been pretty intense for you. Have you been able to get some sleep recently.
Debbie Barker: Yeah I slept very good last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sleeping better knowing that your daughter is safe.
Debbie Barker: Mm hmm. Know what, what in the world was going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you talked to her today.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What she's saying to how she
Gwenevere Abriel: Explained don't
Debbie Barker: You don't remember taking anything. She said that was part of the withdrawals, but I i've seen and withdrawn before but I've never seen her act like that before.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was she doing mask.
Debbie Barker: Um, she was talking and not making no sense, getting into the doors, you know, an emptying the doors out and you know into the bathroom moving things around. And, you know, talking to herself, and like just not making any sense at all.
Debbie Barker: Or she was doing anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she was saying, hey, no I'm not. I didn't take anything she didn't take anything
Debbie Barker: Don't remember taking anything
Debbie Barker: But I couldn't take any chances.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Debbie Barker: I didn't know what was going on. And I thought she needs to go out to emergency to make sure she was all right that's
Gwenevere Abriel: A smart. It makes a lot of sense.
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Nothing gonna happen on my watch, anyway.
Debbie Barker: She lives with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: She does. Okay. How long has she looked at him.
Debbie Barker: For about three years.
Debbie Barker: She's been through a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this how old is this daughter.
Debbie Barker: She's 38
Gwenevere Abriel: And how long has she been sort of struggling with chemical dependence.
Debbie Barker: Oh, gone on an option to raise about eight
Debbie Barker: Her first Tongan husband hung himself, and she found him and
Debbie Barker: her second husband died about five years ago, and she's been kind of struggling every sense
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean, the likelihood of that happening is so low, and right to think
Gwenevere Abriel: That happened twice to one person.
Debbie Barker: We're going to try to understand her. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: She somehow blamed herself for these
Debbie Barker: In Sedona sick.
Debbie Barker: He was sick. Yeah, yeah. He had a heart condition.
Debbie Barker: He just got sicker. As the years went by, of course, he was older than her. But hopefully, she'll find somebody around her age. And she's got a boyfriend now. But he's he's just pretty mean to my opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's mean
Debbie Barker: I think so. My boyfriend, talk to me that way.
Debbie Barker: We just wouldn't be together.
Debbie Barker: When you love somebody you don't talk talk down and like that right you know
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Since she's been living with you. Have you tried to get her into treatment and she refused, or there's been some treatment and it failed.
Debbie Barker: There's been some treatment and it's found
Debbie Barker: She doesn't get an ID.
Debbie Barker: Shin had ID in quite some time.
Debbie Barker: She don't have a driver's all she's got for ideas like a gel ID.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, there's also been some legal maybe ramifications of things. She's been
Debbie Barker: Getting into yeah I got involved with the check thing.
Debbie Barker: And then ended up to be a bad check
Debbie Barker: She's not a bad kids. You don't get a lot of trouble or anything like that. Yeah, pretty good. Good. Most of the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: She talked to you about why she is using
Gwenevere Abriel: A mood altering substance which aka right it's drugs.
Debbie Barker: Oh, come on.
Debbie Barker: Stage do well.
Debbie Barker: There we go. Good job vibrated
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: vibrated right on the Messiah.
You know my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did, I fell in my head so
Gwenevere Abriel: Does does. What's your daughter's name so I can refer to her by name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cathy just Kathy confining you about, like, you know,
Debbie Barker: She just had a hard time with losing Calvin just Beijing getting a grip online.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lost people
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and losses and always to death. Sometimes it's an image or it's an expectation or if it's a dream, you know, hey, I thought I'd be this way or that way. Grief can come in a lot of different forms. How do you get a grip. What do you do
Debbie Barker: I used to cry it out. Okay.
Debbie Barker: And sometime you know that you know when they go, it's for the best because they're not suffering anymore.
Debbie Barker: And all I have left is my sister.
Debbie Barker: I've got a couple of hands here, but everybody else is gone.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a sister.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I have a sister here in town. She's a year and a half, younger than me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have a spiritual belief is that weaved into how you can say they're not suffering anymore. Is that what what you kind of do with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
Debbie Barker: You know you don't want to see anybody that you love soccer.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's hard.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just sorry, go ahead. To me,
Debbie Barker: I've had chronic pain since 1983 since I took that real bad phone. Yeah.
Debbie Barker: I'm just lucky cuz I'm stubborn.
Debbie Barker: Unlike told me I never walk again in my early 20s and I totally go down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, you've got that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That city. Yes, ever.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Debbie Barker: I'd kids to raise. I didn't have time for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: When, when you look at Kathy, do you see
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of that strength, some of that tenacity and stubborn.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see even a glimmer of it and Kathy.
Debbie Barker: Yoshi stubborn. She just got to get strong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
I just
Debbie Barker: wish she would find some money that was good tour, and that would make you feel good about herself.
Debbie Barker: I know that would help a lot. I know she cares a lot for him, but he just really mean to her.
Debbie Barker: Her dad was too so
Gwenevere Abriel: Was her dad mean to you.
Debbie Barker: Oh, at times, he was we only lived together for about five years. I ended up marrying a guy and then finding out later on that he was on the run, and he long story, but he went back to prison or maybe about eight years ago and died finished dying in prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is her, her father. Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, it was on the run for 47 years
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna go to her father died.
Debbie Barker: He's been gone for about two years now.
Debbie Barker: In fact, they just send us the rest of his belongings from the prison.
Debbie Barker: I guess it got investigate things in that kind of thing before they'll like going personal belongings was what they said anyway.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's
Gwenevere Abriel: It. That's it. Is that for Cathy, that's us then that's a father. That's another husband.
Debbie Barker: That's three.
That's uh
Debbie Barker: Huh.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I'm trying to get her to go to counseling, but she just don't want to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she have does she think we counselors. We therapists.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which are some now how or
Debbie Barker: Not, I just don't think that she thinks anybody understands
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Debbie Barker: But if you don't, don't let a man. How can they even begin to draw to understand, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you sound like you're a good friend of her to. It sounds like you're, you know, and more than just a mom, you also sounds like take on that that friendship piece to
Debbie Barker: I'm just gonna, there's a spot on here. So I'm just going to swipe it up there.
Debbie Barker: Type away. Yeah, I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What about your experience in working through some of your, your trauma history. Does it seem like you've been able to get the care you needed to address it, does it still sort of show up in your dream life does it show up in certain ways.
Debbie Barker: Not really.
Debbie Barker: Are just put that in the past. I'm gonna know without a long time ago.
Debbie Barker: I don't want nobody knew that bother me. I have a good life right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you now have a boyfriend that speaks to you, respectfully treats your body respectfully treat your family, with respect, I'm so glad to hear that that's going to go a long way.
For you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in the past, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got this in front of Gannett I call it a relapse prevention plan and it evolves over the months that you and I are going to work together. I'll hear something and I might put it in there and it will start to grow.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the things is a category of an emotional trigger. One of them's a relationship trigger. One of them is an event or situation that's going to trigger for substance use in the past and I already know one of them. I can type it in before you can say it is going to be pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm already gonna put that one in. So that was covered already
Gwenevere Abriel: But there. There is a sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: We can be triggered by something other than physical pain the distress of an emotional pain can be just as distressing and same part of the brain processes physical pain as it does emotional pain, you can feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Your life threatening and just awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look at your own in the past, what has been an emotion that has been a trigger for your substance use, like let's say you wanted to escape that feeling. I don't want to feel it. I don't want to think about it.
Debbie Barker: If I think about in you the abuse from the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's the emotion you feel when you used to think about it, you would kind of think about it. And then what was the emotion and emotion is different from feeling when I say feeling I'll probably be referring to the body like
Gwenevere Abriel: The stomach turning a tight chest type job. Those will be those are physical feelings, but no emotions are happy, sad busted angry scared jealous right those are emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anger. Anger. That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your family.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said your thing in your family. The way you were raised, where you raise when you were coming up that anger wasn't acceptable for a child to have
Debbie Barker: Yo,
Okay.
Debbie Barker: I had a good mom but I didn't have a very good father
Gwenevere Abriel: And he was an alcoholic.
Debbie Barker: When he was an alcoholic in a child.
Debbie Barker: He sexually abused me when I was a child.
Debbie Barker: So I left home at a pretty early age.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old were you
Debbie Barker: The first time I can never remember was about three years old h3.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when did you leave home.
Debbie Barker: I love tome about 14
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you left home, did you end up having to in order to get out, did you end up connecting with a boyfriend or live to live with someone
Debbie Barker: unwitting stayed with my aunt and uncle and my grandmother. Okay.
Debbie Barker: On that note, knock on that knew what was going on and always always welcome there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your thoughts on that they knew
Debbie Barker: Because he tried to mess with my aunt to
Gwenevere Abriel: And is it that you're on knew or was guessing.
Debbie Barker: She knew, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And so how does your mom not know
Debbie Barker: How did that. How to schmooze mom. My mom knew but
Debbie Barker: She liked a week from finishing school and she was raised on a farm and she just we lived in Albuquerque. At the time, then she just her health wasn't very good, and she couldn't. It took care of the three of us.
Debbie Barker: My brother and sister are both we're both slow
Debbie Barker: And
Debbie Barker: They needed her a lot more than I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you been able to sit with or is there because notice how on that topic. There was a
Gwenevere Abriel: An explanation shared about why what mom did
Gwenevere Abriel: The needs of your brother and sister superseded yours, somehow, is it okay if you and I don't agree on that.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, cuz I don't know.
Debbie Barker: I know when I was very angry for a long time, but I had to grow up again to understand where my mom was coming from.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you were angry. And can I just hear what the angry voice used to say like in your head like
Debbie Barker: I just couldn't understand why she wouldn't leave my father for that reason.
Debbie Barker: But she wasn't a very strong woman like you said she was sick all the time and she didn't have any education.
Debbie Barker: My mom never worked a day in their life, except for, you know, she sewed on this. My dad was an approach turn when they had big jobs for like first cafeteria and things like that where she would. So on things like that. But as far as the job she never had a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I thought I was hearing that she was trying to go to school.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how I heard that some mom knew she was some something so she was trying to stay to finish school, but I didn't hear that. Right. I know I heard
Debbie Barker: She needed long week for bringing in school, when she married my father.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there was some anger and
Gwenevere Abriel: You, your, your mother has passed away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so when she when she passed away. Have you worked all the way through that with her and told her.
Of yo
Debbie Barker: Yo, okay, I'll close my parents when they died away.
Debbie Barker: And when they both died.
Debbie Barker: Both my parents died in their early 50s.
Gwenevere Abriel: That young
Debbie Barker: Young
Gwenevere Abriel: Horse. I think that's young right
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: 50 is the new 30 were you talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to answer some question.
Debbie Barker: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your boyfriend asking you a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Debbie Barker: No, my daughter's I'm in my I'm in the back room and the bathroom sits next to me. She didn't do your hair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your hair up cute. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's I'm gonna take a little look
Gwenevere Abriel: I wrote something down I wrote down in the past and trigger has been maybe anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: At some of that history in the past may have or you tell me may have been a reason to use drugs and alcohol sort of to escape thinking about or reliving those memories that sound right. In the past it used to be like that.
Still
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: And still currently. Does that ever happen where something might come up and you don't want to think about it. Don't want to remember don't want to feel and instead
Gwenevere Abriel: You think, well, hey, I've smoked weed for quite a while, or I'm just going to go reach for something and not feel that feeling, does it still come up even to this day.
Debbie Barker: You know, it does not as bad as what it used to do. Okay.
Debbie Barker: I get many go out and stomp on his grave and call him everything in the books.
Debbie Barker: Well, I tell
Debbie Barker: I don't know it.
Debbie Barker: No, it's a funny way to do it, but it has helped
Debbie Barker: Got my anger out anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's dead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're not, you got to keep living and we can we can sort of say,
Gwenevere Abriel: If it turns out that some of our work together might be changing that relationship with that memory if there's any charge left in it. And that's something we can do together but
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Debbie Barker: Good. That makes me feel bad, is, you know, I hope you didn't do anything to anybody else.
Debbie Barker: That what you know I think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you concerned, like the worst thing that could happen is to your own children, is that the worst fear.
Debbie Barker: Where you didn't. I know we didn't touch my kids.
Okay.
Debbie Barker: He was told.
Debbie Barker: I heard
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Debbie Barker: I tell you,
Debbie Barker: And of course I didn't leave him, you know, along with my girls for very long, either. And my mom was always right there.
Debbie Barker: My girls would have spoke up
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that they were raised with really knowing their, their physical their emotional boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you said, I hope he didn't do it do anything to anybody else. What's that worst fear, then
Debbie Barker: That that had a difficult time as I did with things and you know having to get their feelings all straightened back down because that's not an easy thing to live with it, you know, even as an adult woman.
Debbie Barker: You know,
Debbie Barker: Anyone made a lot of bad towards is when I was younger, because of that.
Debbie Barker: I wish I could have finished school and you know had went to college and stuff, but just didn't do it.
Debbie Barker: It took me a long time to get them fillings striking down, you know, and to know that it wasn't my fault.
Gwenevere Abriel: What helped you the most with. It's not my fault. What really was a turning point for you.
Debbie Barker: To know that there's all kinds of men like him on this world.
Debbie Barker: Is the ugly, but it's the truth.
Debbie Barker: Unfortunately,
Gwenevere Abriel: So knowing that there are more out there like that sort of somehow that lifted the burden as if you had anything to do with the blame like that helps knowing there's more like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there anything else that helped
Debbie Barker: Oh, I'm I'm wanting to quite a bit more. Yeah. Don't turn because again.
Debbie Barker: I'm hanging on to the phone for a minute. Okay.
Debbie Barker: Again, hopefully it won't throw you on the floor again.
Debbie Barker: If it does, well you know what happened.
Debbie Barker: The phone went wacky. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well I, I am grateful that you were able to connect with a professional that you could sort of turn turn that blame where it belongs, which is to that behavior and to the person that engaged in that behavior and had nothing to do with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad to know that.
Debbie Barker: When you're challenged you don't know any, that kind of thing.
You know,
Debbie Barker: Kids don't come up with that just off the wall, that's for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: And was there any working through anger towards your mother as well to work through that part as well.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Good to go up a little bit to understand that mom just wasn't strong enough to raise the three of us like that she had no education. She was raised on the farm.
Debbie Barker: Mary data, a week before she graduated
Debbie Barker: I really think my dad just controlled their life.
Debbie Barker: And usually them kind of men do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see anything similar to
Gwenevere Abriel: The behavior of Kathy's boyfriend and your father. Do you see any similarities between the two.
Debbie Barker: No.
Debbie Barker: I don't know what his excuses for being mean. He says he got some quarters something in his brain that makes them like that, but I don't believe that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he did. He is not controlling doesn't try to control Kathy.
Debbie Barker: No, he doesn't.
Debbie Barker: Want to know where she is all the time, but he doesn't try to control
Debbie Barker: He lives in Texas and we live in New Mexico. He just lives over the Texas border, though.
Debbie Barker: It come last weekend spend a night with her.
Debbie Barker: Everybody, you know, we're just kind of scared kitchen this right now. So everybody pretty much hunker down
Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: So we touched on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anger and
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there ever a period in your life where you know your counselor probably worked through any kind of shame from the past. Right. She probably helped you or he helped you work through that.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I was hearing you say, well, it's not my fault will typically people until they've sort of work through it. They think somehow I'm bad, I'm bad
Debbie Barker: I'll tell you what helped helped me the most out of all of it because my grandmother never believed to me and
Debbie Barker: Years, not too long before she died. She apologized to be for being so mean to me all my life and that she farming believed what my dad did
Debbie Barker: But that that helped a lot that she apologized to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah we we we people. We really need to be believed.
Gwenevere Abriel: We didn't
Debbie Barker: Mean to me all the time, no matter what I did. If I'm more short dress long dress just nothing ever satisfied my grandmother
Gwenevere Abriel: She ever say what her history was to explain
No.
Debbie Barker: No.
Debbie Barker: She just didn't want to believe it. The truth.
Debbie Barker: I think we were all together one Christmas up in Clovis and all my aunts and uncles were there and she just looked around and she asked, so did Melbourne do what Debbie said, and all of them said, Yes, ma'am. He sure did. And that's when she apologized to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that her son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's why. Right. We don't want to believe our own side do such things. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that feels like a real turning point like having had that apology really felt good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Wonderful.
Debbie Barker: Good couldn't understand why she was so mean to me all the mirrors over nothing. You know, because I always tried to pleaser always brought the girls to see her.
Debbie Barker: Always make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: I do to this day. Understand, do you have a little story in your head about why she was so mean to have a story that you have in your, you do know why.
She
Debbie Barker: I don't know, I just always look down on me because I left home early. And everybody thought I was nothing but a troublemaker. But I never done any trouble.
Debbie Barker: You know, there's never been any trouble with the law or anything like that. I'm behaving myself. And when I was old enough, I got a job and supported myself from there on out.
Gwenevere Abriel: No understanding
Gwenevere Abriel: Of why
Gwenevere Abriel: You see the difference like you haven't you have an understanding about why your mom did what she did, but not a real understanding, you can say, well, she was always grounded was always mean
Gwenevere Abriel: You can say that she apologized. But what the psychological reasoning was that grandma took out these feelings on you. I wonder what was going on with her history. Wonder what
Debbie Barker: I know I've wondered that too. I even had an uncle that my dad abused and sexually abused and he swore he would get even with them to his oldest daughter, which is me.
Debbie Barker: Well, I let my uncle SPILL HIS GUTS and SPILL HIS GUTS, and he finally came out with what was you know that he would, he wanted to have sex with me or whatever. I told him to get
Debbie Barker: Get out of my house and then never come back. I never wanted to see him again really hurt my feelings. He always come to see me and I thought he loved to me and
Debbie Barker: That will donate it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that was your grandma's
Debbie Barker: That was my grandmother's youngest son my father's youngest brother.
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Just don't want him around me anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I concur. I completely concur. I'm trying to just look in our generationally if for
Gwenevere Abriel: What's grandma's name.
Debbie Barker: Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura.
Debbie Barker: Laura. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If grandma Laura hurt herself for her to have two boys. So as we known as the acting in such a unhealthy way makes me think something may have been going on with grandma.
Debbie Barker: Yo, with grandma or grandpa. I often wondered that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, because it does get passed down
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, again,
Debbie Barker: My grandfather died when I was about eight years old. So I remember being around him a lot. And he was a good Christian man, but he never tried anything or he would just a good Grandpa.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I spent most of my time when I'm going to get out on the farm during the summers with my mountains pants.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those were good Christian folk
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you currently still have any intrusive things that come in to your dreams. Do you have any sort of workshop or still sort of coming up into your dream life.
Debbie Barker: Know, every now and then I'll have creeping dream or something like that never wake me up, but it don't have anything to do with that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's can put some turn back to this relapse prevention plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got this emotion anger in there, but I'm guessing that there are other emotions and I just would like to hear them from you, what emotions names of them in the past, used to be a trigger for substance use, besides anger.
Debbie Barker: When I get really sad about something.
Debbie Barker: That when things were out of my control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how do you feel when you're not in control. What's an emotion to describe that your hands. I'm not in control. I don't feel in control.
Debbie Barker: Pretty helpless sometime
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Said. That's an awful feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any others that you can kind of remember boy. Now I see in, in retrospect,
Gwenevere Abriel: I was having this emotion and I didn't want to feel it. And so then I would reach for a substance outside myself and
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other emotions.
Debbie Barker: Maybe when I was really down about line.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that depressed.
You know,
Debbie Barker: Don't get don't worry too often.
Gwenevere Abriel: About how many times a year. Do you get down about your life.
Debbie Barker: Maybe about three or four times a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it have a pattern to it. Notice, and keeps happening right around the same time.
Debbie Barker: No, not really. Um,
Debbie Barker: Easter was different yesterday, but that's the way it was for everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that because your daughter was in the hospital. So is different.
Debbie Barker: No, just, I'm not be an emerald to get together as a family, you know, and that sort of thing, like we always do.
Debbie Barker: We didn't have a big family dinner or anything like that yesterday.
Debbie Barker: And we always get together and have a nice dinner on Easter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that because you guys are sequestered you're sort of
Russia.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, I'm kind of kind of lighten it up a little bit here and mentioned, I know you're learning the technology.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want to remind you, this can be kind of fun for families to you can actually meet in zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: Up with your family and you can have Sunday dinners everybody
Gwenevere Abriel: Is going to have meat and potatoes and we're going to also the same recipe. This is the family, the family run
Debbie Barker: I gotta get my sister's phone in in like that. So at least she she's got Facebook and messaging from that we can talk back and forth and so on. She can't read or write. Very good, but I think she wouldn't enjoy the videos and things like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't that be fun you guys right you can be
Gwenevere Abriel: All
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be cracking jokes on each other about oh I don't make my life that you make yours like this you don't you know you have some fun.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the time to use our technology and not feel alone and they see
Gwenevere Abriel: Where we can use this technology, you can actually maybe get even closer to your sister, believe it or not, by having a Sunday we always do this or pick a day.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, when I call her I'll push the camera so that she can see me on up and then she'll push the camera so I can see her on I'm going to get her on Facebook, so she can get on messenger and and be able to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just something something fun to think about
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And little things like we can have
Gwenevere Abriel: What would we say book club or we can pick a topic and we can you know whether it's cooking that day or whatever it is we can kind of set a little theme that can be be a nice routine and nice ritual.
Debbie Barker: I can remember my boyfriend said that this that you can teach other on on the phone and I can't remember who I called and I woke him up and I said, look, look, look. And he was just so amazed.
Debbie Barker: You know I
See
Debbie Barker: Actually knew it right
Debbie Barker: Never have an iPhone, but he loves his iPhone now.
Debbie Barker: There's like
Debbie Barker: More phone
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's shift gears and I want to make sure, oftentimes, Debbie. A new clients or bridged other medication is bridged so my guess is you might be meeting a new order either today or tomorrow, or do you have Dr. Solomon or Dr. Rob real
Debbie Barker: Doctor omen. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just mentioned that you were here.
Debbie Barker: Sure that too. It is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, perfect. So Debbie be is president for individual counseling and are you are you aware if you need
Debbie Barker: Yes, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just mention it.
To do.
Grab them.
Debbie Barker: Just gonna go do room and come right back.
Debbie Barker: You took mom on over.
Debbie Barker: Alone. Now you take my spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how about we said it again next Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, next appointment. Okay and I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Decide
Debbie Barker: A woman. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This Yeah, besides the buprenorphine. Um, do you need any other medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes as
Gwenevere Abriel: A reminder. So
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. And I've got my message and
What
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So, April 20 at 12pm Mountain Standard
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so say it back just to make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: It got relayed correctly.
Debbie Barker: Okay, I wrote it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say it. So, if you don't mind saying it out loud, only because because the video conferencing. I never know what people actually heard
Debbie Barker: April 20 at 12 o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it, you got it nice and your next group is wins.
Debbie Barker: I think Friday.
Debbie Barker: Every Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, I will see you at noon on Friday.
Debbie Barker: Okey dokey.
Debbie Barker: Good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's any problems with the pharmacy with the prescription call the pharmacy first and then go to Brian Park health
Gwenevere Abriel: You can log in a virtual clinic issues. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Enjoy.
Debbie Barker: Thank you have your day.
Gwenevere Abriel: you soon. Bye.